their tables are a porous plate where X
eats up from pressurized from underneath
and who can floats in objects on it
typically thin disks or a great museum
toy and in this case they were looking
at textured surfaces where you can
arrange for these floating objects to
propel themselves in a particular
direction I just thought this was a cute
experiment and I was going to try and
explain a bit of it and if you text the
air table you find that the flow along
the grooves of the texture drags the
particles along and he drags it away
from the Arrowhead on the other hand if
this floating body passed the
herringbone textured surface on it then
some pressure forces win and they push
it in a direction of the arrow so
there's the thing that hooked me on
interest why does it go one way in one
case and the other way in the other case
the immediate explanation naive
explanations to say Newton's third law
reaction and reaction and that's not
quite right in fluid mechanics because
there's a rocket effect you can come to
the great conclusion that the
acceleration sideways is equal to the
acceleration of gravity multiplied by
the aspect ratio the height of the
groove divided by the links of the
groove simple as that except multiplied
by a number between half and two-thirds
that depends on some heart of
mathematics or calculations who cares
about that
you